okay so it's Sunday boat noon I'm going
to sandblast the valve covers in oil pan
for this six five diesel I've decided
I'm going to sandblast this even though
despite the you know you know whatever
you want to call it a pot scrubber that
they seem to have in here for the PVC
but what I'm going to do is I'm going to
tape over those portions and I'm going
to stuff the opening in the top here
with masking tape and also plug it with
one of my silicone plugs and I'm just
going to try and keep the sand out of
that mess and we'll see how that goes
so there we go well first valve cover
cleaned up reasonably well got the
flange all nice and cleaned I'm gonna
have to do a little bit of pounding on
it to straighten it out but otherwise I
got pretty much all the RTV off now I'm
gonna do this second one with the the
PVC and I've taped it up on the inside
to keep as much dust out of there as
possible as well I put a piece of you
know paper towel on there I'll see how
that goes okay there's the passenger
side valve cover all cleaned up and
looking nice flange cleaned up well and
I kept pretty much all the sand out of
this Ariel rinse it out in the in the
parts washer just to be sure and blow it
out a couple more times and I think I'll
be happy with that onto the oil pan well
they're all blasted and ready for some
primer next I'm going to get the engine
ready
okay two coats of primer on the tins now
we'll do some about this guy
okay valve covers are on the Chilton
manual or Payne's Vania whichever one it
is actually recommended a 16 foot pound
torquing on those valve cover bolts and
that just seemed way too tight so I
didn't do it anywhere near that tight
but anyways onto the oil pan okay that's
the oil pan on unfortunately I'm out RTV
so it probably won't be putting too much
more on but I think I've got enough
going here that I can hit the block with
some primer okay so this is where I'm at
with the engine as of end a day today
I've actually not hit it with any primer
I've been sandblasting some of the
fasteners and
screwing them into the block so that
they can get painted with a block when
the time comes to actually hit it with
paint I've also been sandblasting some
of the brackets that will be painted
black I'm knocking off today because
well quite frankly it's late and I think
I've had enough so that's all for today